# CS-255-SNHU
My Project 1 Business Requirements Document and Project 2 System Design Document.
# In this course we learned about DriverPass, a fictional upcoming company that aims to help customers pass their Driving Tests by supplying them with online tests, and in person driving appointments using their website. My job was a Systems Design Analyst and my Clients were two guys named Liam and Ian who came up with the DriverPass idea. The goal was to bring Liam and Ians ideas to life by designing the DriverPass website and system from the ground up. The task I was particularly good at for this project was meeting deadlines. I was able to comfortably turn in every project on time and included a lot of detail in my documents and diagrams. However, this project was not perfect because it turns out after submitting my work, my UML Diagrams proved to be lacking and this is something I would heavily revise from the ground up if I were to do this all over again. When it came to Liam and Ian's needs for this project, I felt that I did very well in understanding what they wanted out of DriverPAss and putting their ideas on paper. I made sure to read the interview transcript plenty of times while doing the assignments dna dI felt that their needs were definitely properly addressed in this project. It is important for the Client's needs to be properly addressed because they are the ones who are paying for everything and are relying on me to use my skills to get their vision out there. The way I approach designing software is by first fully understanding what the client wants and what I have to do to achieve what they want. In the future, I would do exactly what I did for this class and take every step carefully one by one and constantly remember the overall goal of the project so I don’t get sidetracked. Overall, this was a really informative class that taught me life skills that I will carry over to employment.



[CS 255 System Design Document Zheen Suseyi (1).docx](https://github.com/zheensuseyi/CS-255-SNHU/files/10256010/CS.255.System.Design.Document.Zheen.Suseyi.1.docx)
[CS 255 Business Requirements Document Template (2).docx](https://github.com/zheensuseyi/CS-255-SNHU/files/10256011/CS.255.Business.Requirements.Document.Template.2.docx)
